fix: add flag dedicated server override v2.x (#3760)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/Documentation~/command-line-arguments.md

# Command line arguments

> You can use [command line arguments](https://docs.unity3d.com/Documentation/Manual/CommandLineArguments.html) to configure certain aspects of your game at launch. This is especially useful for dedicated server builds, where arguments let you override default network settings such as the IP address and port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [command-line arguments](https://docs.unity3d.com/Documentation/Manual/CommandLineArguments.html) to configure certain aspects of your game at launch. This is especially useful for dedicated server builds, where arguments let you override default network settings such as the IP address and port.
```

> ## Using Command Line Arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using command-line arguments
```

> When launching a standalone build (for example, a headless dedicated server), you can supply custom arguments to modify runtime behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When launching a standalone build (such as a headless dedicated server), you can supply custom arguments to modify runtime behavior.
```

Reserved arguments:
- -port

> - -ip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reserved arguments:

- `-port`
- `-ip`
```

Unity provides built-in parsing for standard arguments, and you can extend this behavior by adding your own.

---

> ## Custom Arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom arguments
```

You can define additional custom command line arguments and retrieve them through the `CommandLineOptions` class.
Use `GetArgs()` in your project code to collect and process these values.

[!NOTE]

> Adding a custom command line argument requires you to explicitly retrieve and handle it in your implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define additional custom command-line arguments and retrieve them through the `CommandLineOptions` class. Use `GetArgs()` in your project code to collect and process these values.

> [!NOTE]
> Adding a custom command-line argument requires you to explicitly retrieve and handle it in your implementation.
```

---

> ## Example: Reading Command Line Arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

The following code shows you an example of defining and then reading a custom command-line argument.
```
Feel free to change this line if I've got the explanation wrong 😅

```
private const string k_OverrideArg = "-argName";

private bool ParseCommandLineOptions(out string command)
{
    if (CommandLineOptions.Instance.GetArg(k_OverrideArg) is string argValue)
    {
        command = argValue;
        return true;
    }
    command = default;
    return false;
}
```

Usage example:

```
if (ParseCommandLineOptions(out var command))
{
    // Your logic here
}
```

---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Overriding Connection Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Override connection data
```

> If you want to ignore the connection **port** provided through command line arguments, you can override it by using the optional `forceOverride` parameter in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to ignore the connection port provided through command-line arguments, you can override it by using the optional `forceOverride` parameter in:
```

```
UnityTransport.SetConnectionData(string ip, ushort port, string listenAddress, bool forceOverride);
```

> Setting `forceOverride` to `true` ensures that the values you pass to `SetConnectionData` override any values specified via command line arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `forceOverride` to `true` ensures that the values you pass to `SetConnectionData` override any values specified via command-line arguments.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Additional resources

- [Command-line arguments in the Unity Manual](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.2/Documentation/Manual/CommandLineArguments.html)
```

# WORK IN PROGRESS

> # Command line arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Command-line arguments
```
